fs, stream: add initial `Symbol.dispose` and `Symbol.asyncDispose` support (#48518)
nodejs/node: doc/api/stream.md

has less then 64 KiB of data because no `highWaterMark` option is provided to
[`fs.createReadStream()`][].

> ##### `readable[Symbol.dispose]()`

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be an asyncDispose?

Reviewer 2: No since dispose is sync isn't it?

Reviewer: See my comment on the implementation

> ##### `readable[Symbol.asyncDispose]()`

Reviewer 3: Should be documented as experimental - technically this is Stage 3

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> an alias for [`readable.destroy()`][readable-destroy] with an `AbortError`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
An alias for [`readable.destroy()`][readable-destroy] with an `AbortError`.
```

has less then 64 KiB of data because no `highWaterMark` option is provided to
[`fs.createReadStream()`][].

##### `readable[Symbol.asyncDispose]()`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

> An alias for [`readable.destroy()`][readable-destroy] with an `AbortError`.

Reviewer: This is not true anymore

added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

> An alias for [`readable.destroy()`][readable-destroy] with an `AbortError`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Calls [`readable.destroy()`][readable-destroy] with an `AbortError` and returns
a promise that fulfills when the stream is finished.
```
